Add 'Avoid the usage of class instance variables' (#168)
Shopify/ruby-style-guide: README.md

* Avoid the usage of class (`@@`) variables due to their "nasty" behavior in
  inheritance.

> * Avoid the usage of class instance variables unless you really need them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Avoid the usage of instance variables on singletons unless you really need them
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion, I slightly altered the entire text to incorporate it.

  really need them, for example when writing a cache or repository, as this is
  shared mutable state. This can cause thread-safety issues in multi-threaded
  apps unless accounted for, e.g. by protecting the mutable state with a Mutex.

  ~~~ ruby
  # bad
  class Processor
    class << self
      attr_reader :thing

      def call(thing, action)
        @thing = thing
        thing.prepare_for_action
        process(action)
      end

      private

      def process(action)
        Actions.for(action).perform_with(thing)
      end
    end
  end

  # good - same interface
  class Processor
    class << self
      def call(thing, action)
        thing.prepare_for_action
        process(action, thing)
      end

      private

      def process(action, thing)
        Actions.for(action).perform_with(thing)
      end
    end
  end

  # good - changed interface with new instance per usage
  class Processor
    attr_reader :thing

    def initialize(thing)
      @thing = thing
    end

    def call(action)
      thing.prepare_for_action
      process(action)
    end

    private

    def process(action)
      Actions.for(action).perform_with(thing)
    end
  end

>   ~~~

Reviewer 2: This is a pretty long example for a simple rule. Could we maybe rethink these code snippets and exemplify the rule with something a bit simpler?
